I was more confident in beginning this week's work than the first week's, but not by much. This is all still very new to me, and I've had to really take my time with it and tackle the work in short sessions. I have a habit of powering through things in one go, but the advice to take breaks and come back with a reinvigorated mindset has proven helpful so far.

What really felt like a moment of success and confidence-building was being able to help a few other students this week. I mentioned it briefly in Discord, but helping others made me rethink the steps in my head and analyze if I actually understood what I was doing or not. There are still things I'm unfamiliar with, and some of my advice showed my inexperience, but overall I helped two students overcome their own issues with this week's work, which really gave me confidence going foward.

For the most part this week's work went by relatively easily. There were a few minor hiccups but with some Googling and reading of the Discord I got through them with little fuss, and learned some new things along the way. Anaconda is proving a bit of an issue, with installation of Anaconda itself taking upwards of twenty minutes, and I gave up installing RStudio via Anaconda after half an hour. Eventually I got everything working, this was all just a minor hiccup along the way.

The more of the work I do the more accomplished I am beginning to feel about this course. I think compared to some students (judging by the Discord) I've had quite a bit of luck in terms of things working as intended, so getting through it all has been relatively rewarding. Seeing everything pop up and get created where it should is definitely morale raising, considering I've never done this sort of work before. I decided to include some screenshots this week to catalogue following the steps and everything going according to plan. Overall, I'd say Week Two went very well!
